If you only do what you can do, you will never be more than who you are now.

I do not for one think that the problem was that the band was down. I think that the problem may have been that there was a Stonehenge monument on the stage that was in danger of being crushed by a dwarf. All right? That tended to understate the hugeness of the object.

I'm going to marry you on a mountaintop, and as we reach the peak, that's when the snow will stop. I'm going to look at you coming down that aisle that's made of sticks and stones, and we're both going to smile, 'cause our love has begun.

As you know the concept of the suction pump is centuries old. Really that's all this is except that instead of sucking water I'm sucking life. I've just sucked one year of your life away. I might one day go as high as five but I really don't know what that would do to you. So let's just start with what we have. What did this do to you? Tell me. And remember, this is for posterity so be honest. How do you feel?

For, after all, how do we know that two and two make four? Or that the force of gravity works? Or that the past is unchangeable? If both the past and the external world exist only in the mind, and if the mind itself is controllable - what then?

You don't know what you're trying to take from me. You don't like it messy, but it's going to get as messy as it wants to be. Wind me up, set me down and look away. I can see the bottom, and the bottom's okay.

Often, we assume that a familiar situation will be but a repeat performance of a similar situation we've experienced before. But, in the strictest sense, there are no repeat performances. Every situation is unique, and we must be alert to its uniqueness.

To an outsider's ear it sounds absurdly wild and ridiculous to speak of the vocation of a thief. However, I venture to assure you that this vocation is a reality.

And the mind that has conceived a plan of living must never lose sight of the chaos against which that pattern was conceived. That goes for societies as well as for individuals.

Thus they went on living in a reality that was slipping away, momentarily captured by words, but which would escape irremediably when they forgot the values of the written letters.

"Pearl Harbor" is a two-hour movie squeezed into three hours, about how on Dec. 7, 1941, the Japanese staged a surprise attack on an American love triangle. Its centerpiece is 40 minutes of redundant special effects, surrounded by a love story of stunning banality. The film has been directed without grace, vision, or originality, and although you may walk out quoting lines of dialog, it will not be because you admire them.

So I want you to get up now. I want all of you to get up out of your chairs. I want you to get up right now and go to the window. Open it and stick your head out and yell, "I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take this anymore!"

Many people say that even if they don't know much about many things, at least they know what they like. But no, sorry sucker, hard luck!

No one would ever say, "Come and join us, Caroline," so I would then spend the rest of the lunch period feeling sorry for myself and trying to remember that the lonely children like me are the ones who grow up to be someone that everyone wishes they could be.

Look into my eyes and it's easy to see, one and one make two, two and one make three, it was destiny. Once every hundred thousand years or so, when the sun doth shine and the moon doth glow and the grass doth grow.

The other night I dreamt of knives, continental drift divide. Mountains sit in a line, Leonard Bernstein, Leonid Brezhnev, Lenny Bruce, and Lester Bangs. Birthday party, cheesecake, jellybean, boom. You symbiotic, patriotic, slam book neck, right? Right.

Sega, a Japanese multinational video game developer and publisher, has roots tracing back to Standard Games in 1940 and Service Games of Japan in the 1950s. The formation of the company known today as Sega is traced back to the founding of Nihon Goraku Bussan, which became known as Sega Enterprises, Ltd. following the acquisition of Rosen Enterprises in 1965.

Mathematics is a wonderful, elegant, and exceedingly useful language. It has its own vocabulary and syntax, its own verbs, nouns, and modifiers, and its own dialects and patois. It is used brilliantly by some, poorly by others. Some of us fear to pursue its more esoteric uses, while a few of us wield it like a sword to attack and conquer income tax forms or masses of data that resist the less courageous.

One day, the guy on a buffalo was cruisin' around through the plains. Seen a bear; and he thought to himself, "Oh man! I gotta get away from the bear. Hope he don't chase... Oh no! He's gonna chase me. Oh no! I better turn around and chase him back 'cause guess what! I'm on a buffalo!"

Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional. Say you're running and you think, "Man, this hurts, I can't take it anymore." The 'hurt' part is an unavoidable reality, but whether or not you can stand anymore is up to the runner himself.

In an age as agitated as ours, it no longer suffices just to be advertised in the newspaper. To be advertised in this way is the same thing as being consigned to oblivion. If one is to be noticed, one must at least appear on the first page under a hand that points to and, as it were, announces or advertises the advertisement.

You see this little hole? This moth's just about to emerge. It's in there right now, struggling. It's digging its way through the thick hide of the cocoon. Now, I could help it - take my knife, gently widen the opening, and the moth would be free - but it would be too weak to survive. Struggle is nature's way of strengthening it.

And now the end is near, and so I face the final curtain. My friend, I'll say it clear. I'll state my case of which I'm certain, I've lived a life that's full. I traveled each and every highway, and more, much more than this, I did it my way.

I tell you, we got two categories of pilots around here. We got your prime pilots that get all the hot planes, and we got your pud-knockers who dream about getting the hot planes. Now what are you two pud-knockers gonna have?

No one has ever witnessed the complete evolution of any star from birth to death. Stars take a very long time - millions, billions, even trillions of years - to evolve. Yet in less than a century, astronomers have developed a comprehensive theory of stellar evolution that is one of the best-tested in all of astronomy.

Breathe, breathe in the air. Don't be afraid to care. Leave but don't leave me. Look around, choose your own ground. For long you live and high you fly. And smiles you'll give and tears you'll cry. And all you touch and all you see is all your life will ever be.

Mankind doesn't need warfare and bloodshed to prove itself. Everyday life can provide honor and valor. Let's hope that from now on this country can find its heroes in smaller places. In the most ordinary of deeds.

Man, do not pride yourself on your superiority to the animals, for they are without sin, while you, with all your greatness, you defile the earth wherever you appear and leave an ignoble trail behind you - and that is true, alas, for almost every one of us!

Hey you, out there in the cold, getting lonely, getting old, can you feel me? Hey you, standing in the aisles with itchy feet and fading smiles, can you feel me? Hey you, don't help them to bury the light. Don't give in without a fight.

Any physical theory is always provisional, in the sense that it is only a hypothesis: you can never prove it. No matter how many times the results of experiments agree with some theory, you can never be sure that the next time the result will not contradict the theory.

According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way that a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyways. Because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.

Never give up, no matter how far behind you are, no matter how unlikely it seems you will catch your competitor in front of you. Keep pushing until the checkered flag falls. How many times have you seen the leader of a race have a mechanical problem with only a few laps to go? You will never be able to take advantage of their problems if you are not close. You have to be close to take advantage of luck.

It is not at all easy to draw a sharp line between cases where what is happening could be called \"addition\", and where some other word is wanted. If you think about the question, you will probably come up with some criterion involving separation of the objects in space, and making sure each one is clearly distinguishable from all the others. But then how could one count ideas? Or the number of gases comprising the atmosphere?

I wanna be inside your heaven. Take me to the place you cry from, where the storm blows your way. I wanna be earth that holds you. Every bit of air you're breathing in, a soothing wind, I wanna be inside your heaven.

I've seen it all. I have seen the trees, I have seen the willow leaves dancing in the breeze, I've seen a man killed by his best friend and lives that were over before they were spent. I've seen what I was and I know what I'll be. I've seen it all, there is no more to see.

He who knows only his own side of the case, knows little of that. His reasons may be good, and no one may have been able to refute them. But if he is equally unable to refute the reasons on the opposite side; if he does not so much as know what they are, he has no ground for preferring either opinion.

Why is it that when you awake to the world of realities you nearly always feel, sometimes very vividly, that the vanished dream has carried with it some enigma which you have failed to solve?

What's morality? It's the difference between what is right and what you can rationalize.

Don't your feet get cold in the winter time? The sky won't snow and the sun won't shine. It's hard to tell the night time from the day. You're losing all your highs and lows; ain't it funny how the feeling goes away?

We often believe the more we practice a skill or technique - over and over again, many times - the better we'll get. This is not necessarily true. In fact, every time you practice a technique incorrectly, you're increasing your chances of doing it wrong again. It's easy to become very experienced at repeating the same mistakes. Practice doesn't make perfect; only perfect practice makes perfect.

Caddy got the box and set it on the floor and opened it. It was full of stars. When I was still, they were still. When I moved, they glinted and sparkled. I hushed.

The higher a man stands on the social ladder, the greater the number of people he is connected with, the more power he has over other people, the more obvious is the predestination and inevitability of his every action.

Wrongfully imprisoned action heroes rarely have the time to wait for an appeal. Often, the fate of a loved one or the free world itself is at stake if you do not get out, and so any experienced action hero knows that a dramatic rescue, a prison break, or a pardon will almost certainly be coming in time for Act III.

There is no pain, you are receding. A distant ship smoke on the horizon. You are only coming through in waves. Your lips move but I can't hear what you're saying. When I was a child, I had a fever. My hands felt just like two balloons. Now I've got that feeling once again. I can't explain you will not understand. This is not how I am.

Light up your face with gladness. Hide every trace of sadness. Although a tear may be ever so near, that's the time you must keep on trying. Smile, what's the use of crying? You'll find that life is still worthwhile if you just smile.

I never said I would stay to the end - I knew I would leave you with babies and everything. Screaming like this in the hole of sincerity, screaming me over and over and over. I leave you with photographs, pictures of trickery, and stains on the carpet, stains on the memory, and songs about happiness murmured in dreams, when we both of us knew how the end always is.

"Learning how to think" really means learning how to exercise some control over how and what you think. It means being conscious and aware enough to choose what you pay attention to and to choose how you construct meaning from experience. Because if you cannot or will not exercise this kind of choice in adult life, you will be totally hosed.

Do you understand the expense people went through to keep you locked up in that tower? You think people like that are just gonna let you walk away? You are an investment and you will not be safe until you are far away from here.

The spirit and the senses so easily grow dead to the impressions of the beautiful and the perfect that one ought everyday to hear a little song, read a good poem, see a fine picture and if it were possible, to speak a few reasonable words.

Perhaps the most valuable result of all education is the ability to make yourself do the thing you have to do, when it ought to be done, whether you like it or not; it is the first lesson that ought to be learned; and however early a man's training begins, it is probably the last lesson that he learns thoroughly.

When the snow is on our mind, rows and rows and lines and lines. In the haze of your fixation, we all crave for you, we all crave. And you can kill the wildest thing, but when you murder it's a sin. In the midst of your conviction, we all crave for you, we all crave.

I see something of God each hour of the twenty-four, and each moment then, in the faces of men and women I see God, and in my own face in the glass; I find letters from God dropped in the street, and every one is signed by God's name, and I leave them where they are, for I know that others will punctually come forever and ever.

A useful rule, called "the rule of 72," provides a shortcut way to determine how long it takes for money to double. Take the interest rate you earn and divide it into the number 72, and you get the number of years it will take to double your money. For example, if the interest rate is 15 percent, it takes a bit less than five years for your money to double (72 divided by 15 = 4.8 years).

I never did like the idea of sitting on newspapers. I did it once, and all the headlines came off on my white pants. On the level! It actually happened. Nobody bought a paper that day. They just followed me around over town and read the news on the seat of my pants.

If at some point in life, you made a mistake or keep failing over and over again, and you can't help but think it's useless and you're a good for nothing; remember, you're only taking a detour. And I'm sure further along your path will come a day where you think, "It was a good life experience." That's why it'll be fine.

We're living on borrowed time here. Every minute of our life is a minute we steal from them! You see them out there. You know that when we die, we become them. You think we hide behind walls to protect us from the walking dead. Don't you get it? We are the walking dead.

Night was a very different matter. It was dense, thicker than the very walls, and it was empty, so black, so immense that within it you could brush against appalling things and feel roaming and prowling around a strange, mysterious horror.

If there were to be something non-empty, there would then be something called empty. However, there is nothing that is non-empty. How could there be something empty?

Is it sweeter to exist only in the mind or to exist both in the mind and in reality? Flipping out and wailing on guitars is much sweeter when someone is actually doing it. So when we conceive of the sweetest being ever, we are conceiving of the being that exists both in the mind and in reality.

Good games offer players a set of challenging problems and then let them practice these until they have routinized their mastery.

I see trees of green, red roses too, I see them bloom for me and you, and I think to myself what a wonderful world. I see skies of blue and clouds of white, the bright blessed day, the dark sacred night, and I think to myself what a wonderful world.

Look, you should admit to yourself that Microsoft will miss you for a month or two. Someone will quickly fill the void. It will be like you never worked there. Ask yourself, "Are there thousands lining up to help poor villages build schools and libraries?"

I'd just like to point out that you were given every opportunity to succeed. There was even going to be a party for you. A big party that all your friends were invited to. I invited your best friend the companion cube. Of course, he couldn't come because you murdered him. All your other friends couldn't come either because you don't have any other friends.

Words are pale shadows of forgotten names. As names have power, words have power. Words can light fires in the minds of men. Words can wring tears from the hardest hearts. There are seven words that will make a person love you. There are ten words that will break a strong man's will. But a word is nothing but a painting of a fire. A name is the fire itself.

There was this kid I grew up with; he was younger than me. Sorta looked up to me, you know. We did our first work together, worked our way out of the street. Things were good, we made the most of it. During Prohibition, we ran molasses into Canada, made a fortune, your father, too.

Swing low, sweet chariot, coming for to carry me home. I looked over Jordan, what did I see, coming for to carry me home? A band of angels, coming after me, coming for to carry me home. Swing low, sweet chariot, coming for to carry me home.

Either in belief or doubt, if I lean to one of these sides, my reaction time will be dulled if my heart thinks the opposite of what I choose.

Under the lights when everything goes. Nowhere to hide when I'm getting you close when we move, well, you already know.

How can I just let you walk away, just let you leave without a trace? When I stand here taking every breath with you, you're the only one who really knew me at all.

Because she doesn't just give you a present, she gives you a present and she tells you where to put it, how to use it, what it costs - for insurance purposes of course - and God forbid you should have a different opinion or you don't think it works in the space or you just get tired of waking up every morning with those horrifying animals staring at you!

I think she wanted you, of all people, to know the truth. She wanted to live on in your memory, not as a soldier, but as a woman. But - she was forbidden to tell you herself. And that's why she told me. Snake, history will never know what she did. No one will ever learn the truth. Her story... her debriefing, will endure only in your heart. Everything she did, she did for her country. She sacrificed her life and her honor for her native land. She was a real hero. She was a true patriot.

You know, I don't know her very well, but perhaps she's one of those people that sees things in absolutes, right? Black and white. Missions fail or succeed, right? Do you know what you need to do? You need to get back in there with her. Open her up and show her that things aren't just black and white. Black and white, that's just for death and taxes. Everything else... Everything else happens in the grays.

My hours of leisure I spent in reading the best authors, ancient and modern, being always provided with a good number of books; and when I was ashore, in observing the manners and dispositions of the people, as well as learning their language; wherein I had a great facility, by the strength of my memory.

You held me down, but I got up, already brushing off the dust. You hear my voice, you hear that sound like thunder, gonna shake your ground. You held me down, but I got up. Get ready 'cause I've had enough. I see it all, I see it now.

To sit among all those unknown things before a puzzle like that is hopeless. That way lies monomania. Face this world. Learn its ways, watch it, be careful of too hasty guesses at its meaning. In the end you will find clues to it all.

You cannot pass! I am a servant of the Secret Fire, wielder of the Flame of Anor. The dark fire will not avail you, Flame of Udun! Go back to the shadow. You shall not pass!

But no matter how effective the lesson was, I never really used it after that. I didn't enjoy doing it that way. But it was interesting to know that things worked much differently from how I was brought up.

I'm just sitting here watching the wheels go round and round. I really love to watch them roll. No longer riding on the merry-go-round, I just had to let it go.

Like the generations of leaves, the lives of mortal men. Now the wind scatters the old leaves across the earth, now the living timber bursts with the new buds and spring comes 'round again. And so with men: as one generation comes to life, another dies away.

So much of this story is about human will, about what we can do when we come up against forces bigger than any of us. Whatever your beliefs or your lack thereof, we will live only one version of this life, and where and when that life starts determines so much.

Too many times we stand aside and let the waters slip away 'til what we put off 'til tomorrow has now become today. So don't you sit upon the shoreline and say you're satisfied. Choose to chance the rapids and dare to dance the tide.

You get a shiver in the dark, it's a-raining in the park but meantime south of the river you stop and you hold everything. A band is blowing Dixie, double four time. You feel alright when you hear the music ring.

If a man's wearing his pants on his head or if he says his words backwards from time to time, you know it's all laid out there for you. But if he's friendly to strangers and keeps his home spick-and-span, more often than not he's done something even his own ma couldn't forgive.

The example of painting can teach us not only how to manage our own work, but how to work together. A lot of the great art of the past is the work of multiple hands, though there may only be one name on the wall next to it in the museum.

I once lived in the Lost Woods, until the day I wandered into a magic transporter. The power of the Dark World quickly turned me into this tree shape. I guess the two forests are connected with each other.

And one day I knew I had to come back here. I had to come back and get on the merry-go-round, and eat cotton candy, and listen to a band concert. Just stop and breathe, and close my eyes and smell and listen.

Whatever happened to the values of humanity? Whatever happened to the fairness and equality? Instead of spreading love we're spreading animosity, lack of understanding leading us away from unity. That's the reason why sometimes I'm feeling under, that's the reason why sometimes I'm feeling down.

Tonight I'm making deals with the devil, and I know it's gonna get me in trouble. Just as long as you know you got me.

From 1955 to 1990, the value of Japanese real estate increased more than 75 times. By 1990, the total value of all Japanese property was estimated at nearly $20 trillion - equal to more than 20 percent of the entire world's wealth and about double the total value of the world's stock markets.

I'll tell you a secret. Something they don't teach you in your temple. The Gods envy us. They envy us because we're mortal, because any moment might be our last. Everything is more beautiful because we're doomed. You will never be lovelier than you are now. We will never be here again.

With age comes insecurity, embarrassment, and tragedy, increasing fear of growing old and lonely. I said I'd put on my dancing shoes but I've got two left feet and no good moves and the pretty girls found cooler kids than me. So I sat and waited patiently until the day I'd finally be asked, but it never came.

If you want to save yourself the ticket price, go into the kitchen, cue up a male choir singing the music of hell, and get a kid to start banging pots and pans together. Then close your eyes and use your imagination.

You see, Mr. Newton, I'm kind of a cliche. I'm the disillusioned scientist, that goes with the cynical writer, the alcoholic actor and the spaced-out spaceman. A man like you wouldn't understand a guy like me.

If you want to get to know someone, find out what makes them angry.

Normally, as people love and are loved, they feel happiness. When I am hated by people, that is when I feel happiness. And then I want to tear apart and inflict unimaginable harm to the things I love. But is that really all that strange, I wonder?

It is not hard to make money in the market. What is hard to avoid is the alluring temptation to throw your money away on short, get-rich-quick speculative binges. It is an obvious lesson, but one frequently ignored.

What a strange sort of love, to be entirely free from that quality of selfishness which is frequently the chief constituent of the passion, and sometimes it's only one!

Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted; persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting to find a plot in it will be shot.

And it's whispered that soon, if we all call the tune, then the piper will lead us to reason and a new day will dawn for those who stand long and the forests will echo with laughter.

It's not about changing the world. It's about doing our best to leave the world the way it is. It's about respecting the will of others, and believing in your own.

It doesn't mean much to be able to filter out most present-day spam, because spam evolves. Indeed, most anti-spam techniques so far have been like pesticides that do nothing more than create a new, resistant strain of bugs.

Then we saw him pick up all the things that were down. He picked up the cake, and the rake, and the gown, and the milk, and the strings, and the books, and the dish, and the fan, and the cup, and the ship, and the fish.

Let me tell you what's gonna happen, Officer Grimly. I'm going to roll my window up, then I'm going to drive away, and you're gonna go home to your daughter, and every few years, you're gonna look at her face and know that you're alive because you chose not to go down a certain road on a certain night. That you chose to walk into the light instead of into the darkness.

If you really want to hear about it, the first thing you'll probably want to know is where I was born, and what my lousy childhood was like, and how my parents were occupied and all before they had me, and all that David Copperfield kind of crap, but I don't feel like going into it, if you want to know the truth.

With all six stones, I could simply snap my fingers, they would all cease to exist and I call that... mercy. And then what? I finally rest, and watch the sun rise on a grateful universe. The hardest choices require the strongest wills.

When I look up at the night sky, and I know that, yes, we are part of this Universe, we are in this Universe, but perhaps more important than both of those facts is that the Universe is in us. When I reflect on that fact, I look up - many people feel small, 'cause they're small and the Universe is big, but I feel big, because my atoms came from those stars.

I could tell from the set of his lips, he would say no more on this subject. I suppressed my curiosity, though it was far from idle. There were many things I needed to think through on this particular issue, things that were only beginning to occur to me. No doubt his quick mind had already comprehended every aspect that eluded me.

Allow me to tell you about some complex feelings. Feelings like the joy of finding another pasta lover. The admiration for another's puzzle-solving skills. The desire to have a cool, smart person think you are cool. These feelings... They must be what you are feeling right now! I can hardly imagine what it must be like to feel that way.

I don't know where you're going and I don't know why but listen to your heart before you tell him goodbye. Sometimes you wonder if this fight is worthwhile. The precious moments are all lost in the tide.

We've arranged a global civilization in which most crucial elements profoundly depend on science and technology. We have also arranged things so that almost no one understands science and technology. This is a prescription for disaster.

Late into the night I write and the pages of my notebook swell from all the words I've pressed onto them. It almost feels like the more I bruise the page the quicker something inside me heals.

At night I'm driving in your car, pretending that we'll leave this town. We're watching all the streetlights fade. And now you're just a stranger's dream, I took your picture from my frame. And now you're nothing like you seem, your shadow fell like last night's rain.

I'm not like them but I can pretend. The sun is gone but I have a light. The day is done but I'm having fun. I think I'm dumb or maybe just happy. Think I'm just happy.

Adios rock band that we loved the most, this is a toast to what you did, and all that you were fighting for. Who could do more, when time marches on? Words come and go, we will sing the melodies that you did long ago.

Whatever principle of intelligence we attain unto in this life, it will rise with us in the resurrection. And if a person gains more knowledge and intelligence in this life through his diligence and obedience than another, he will have so much the advantage in the world to come.

Jay made up for the lack of glamour in his assignment by having a romance with a local miller's daughter, which he initiated by letting air out of her bicycle tires. He also earned himself a promotion to lieutenant on the strength of his commonsense suggestion that the army could save lots of cargo space by deboning beef before shipping it overseas.

You’ve drawn the shape of my heart in the sky because each time I look up, there are a lot of things that remind me of you. I know that you are special because my world shines from your reflection. You are the only one I love.

On offering to help the blind man, the man who then stole his car, had not, at that precise moment, had any evil intention, quite the contrary, what he did was nothing more than obey those feelings of generosity and altruism.

As he crossed toward the pharmacy at the corner he involuntarily turned his head because of a burst of light that had ricocheted from his temple, and saw, with that quick smile with which we greet a rainbow or a rose, a blindingly white parallelogram of sky being unloaded from the van—a dresser with mirrors.

My very photogenic mother died in a freak accident (picnic, lightning) when I was three, and, save for a pocket of warmth in the darkest past, nothing of her subsists within the hollows and dells of memory, over which, if you can still stand my style (I am writing under observation), the sun of my infancy had set: surely.

The French are certainly misunderstood: — but whether the fault is theirs, in not sufficiently explaining themselves, or speaking with that exact limitation and precision which one would expect on a point of such importance.

In the loveliest town of all, where the houses were white and high and the elms trees were green and higher than the houses, where the front yards were wide and pleasant and the back yards were bushy and worth finding out about, where the streets sloped down to the stream and the stream flowed quietly under the bridge, where the lawns ended in orchards.

All I know is that I stood spellbound in his high-ceilinged studio room, with its north-facing windows in front of the heavy mahogany bureau at which Michael said he no longer worked because the room was so cold, even in midsummer; and that, while we talked of the difficulty of heating old houses, a strange feeling came upon me.
